Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The sun 'll come out tomorrow
Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow
There 'll be sun
Just thinking about tomorrow
Clears away the cobwebs
And the sorrow
Till there's none
When I'm stuck with a day
That's gray and lonely
I just stick out my chin
And grin and say
Oh. the sun'll come out tomorrow
So you gotta hang on till tomorrow
Come what may
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day away
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day
A Way
Maybe far away
Or maybe real nearby
He may be pouring her coffee
She may be straightening his tie
Maybe in a house
All hidden by a hill
She's sitting playing piano
He's sitting paying a bill
Betcha they're young
Betcha they're smart
Bet they collect things
Like ashtrays and art
Betcha they're good
Why shouldn't they be?
Their one mistake was giving up me
So maybe now it's time
And maybe when I wake
They'll be there calling me baby
Maybe
Annie!
It's okay.
Everything's gonna be all right.
There. there.
It was only a dream. Molly.
It's all right.
How am I supposed to get any sleep?
It was only a dream.
Everything's all right.
Molly shouldn't be in this room.
She's a baby.
She cries all the time.
She wets the bed.
I do not!
You're the one who shouldn't
be in here!
- Brat. stop!
- We're gonna get in trouble.
Go. Duffy! Go!
Oh. my goodness! Oh. my goodness!
Cut it out!
I mean it! Do you want
Miss Hannigan to come in?
Go back to bed.
Now. Or you'll have me to deal with.
Blow it out of your old Wazoo.
Close your eyes.
Think about your folks.
You're the only one who has folks.
Mine are dead.
Think of folks
who want to adopt you...
...because they want a little girl with
brown hair and brown eyes.
Betcha he reads
Betcha she sews
Maybe she's made me
A closet of clothes
Maybe they're strict
As straight as a line
Don't really care
As long as they're mine
Oh. my goodness.
So maybe now this prayer's
The last one of its kind
Won't you please
Come get your baby?
Did I hear singing in here?
All right. Fine.
Since we're all so wide awake!
Get up! Get out of bed!
Clean up this mess!
Get dressed!
This room had better be regulation
before breakfast...
...my little pig droppings.
Or kill. kill. kill!
- It's in the middle of the night.
-"It's in the middle of the night."
If this floor don't shine like
the top of the Chrysler Building...
...your backsides will.
Understand?
Yes. Miss Hannigan.
- What do we say. Annie?
- I love you. Miss Hannigan.
Why any kid would want to be
an orphan is beyond me.
It's the hard-knock life for us
Instead of treated
We get tricked
Instead of kisses
We get kicked
It's the hard-knock life
Got no folks to speak of
So it's the hard-knock row we hoe
Cotton blankets instead of wool
Empty bellies instead of full
It's the hard-knock life
Don't it feel like the wind
Is always howling?
Don't it seem like
There's never any light?
Once a day. don't you want
To throw the towel in?
It's easier than putting up a fight
No one's there
When your dreams at night get creepy
No one cares if you grow
Or if you shrink
No one dries
When your eyes get red and weepy
From the crying you would think
This place would sink
Empty belly life
Rotten smelly life
Full of sorrow life
No tomorrow life
Santa Claus we never see
Santa Claus. what's that?
Who's he?
No one cares for you a smidge
When you're in an orphanage
It's the hard-knock life
You'll stay up till this dump...
...shines like the top
of the Chrysler Building.
Kill. kill.
Yank the whiskers from her chin
Little pig droppings
Jab her with a safety pin
Rotten orphans.
Make her drink a Mickey Finn
- Nobody loves you.
- I love you. Miss Hannigan.
Get to work!
Strip that bed!
Scrub that floor!
Polish my shoes!
And I mean...
...start now!
It's the hard-knock life for us
Mud in your eye!
No one cares for you a smidge
When you're in an orphanage
It's the hard-knock life
The hard-knock life
We better get out of here
or we'll get killed.
- Cover me up good.
- All you ever do is run away.
Oh. my goodness! Oh. my goodness!
She'll put you in the cellar.
- You'll get whipped again.
- You're gonna get us in trouble.
Molly. shut up!
- I'm gonna tell.
- And I'm gonna rearrange your teeth!
Stomp on her foot!
What are you all
just standing around here for?
You're supposed to clean
the bathroom and kitchen...
...before lunch.
my little pig droppings.
And if you skip the corners.
there will be no lunch.
And we're not having hot mush today.
We're having cold mush.
- What?
- We love you. Miss Hannigan.
Wonderful.
Where's Annie?
- She had to go bathroom.
-"She had to go bathroom."
Miss Hannigan.
- Mr. Bundles.
It's time for a tumble with a bundle.
Not today. I'm behind--
My schedule. I mean.
What are schedules in the storms
of passion. Mr. Bundles?
Just so much flotsam and jetsam.
Miss Hannigan. please!
- What are you doing out here?
- Helping you.
- It's heavy today.
- It's a lot heavier than usual.
- It shouldn't be. What's in there?
- Miss Hannigan.
Mr. Bundles.
- Yes?
- You're my kind of woman.
- Oh. yes. Yes.
Till next month. Miss Hannigan.
I'll be right here.
Mr. Bundles. I'm in here.
- Thank you. Mr. Bundles.
- Good luck.
Get his tail!
Poor dog.
Leave him alone.
What's he ever done to you?
Amscray!
All right. who's next?
Anybody else?
- Scram. man!
- Let's go!
- Then get lost.
- Let's get a move on!
- Let's hotfoot it!
- Shake a leg! Come on!
Let's go! Come on!
Hey. you're all right.
I didn't do nothing any decent person
wouldn't have done.
Dumb dog.
Dumb dog. why are you following me?
I ain’t got a crumb. dog
How about letting me be?
I ain't gonna feed you
Ain't got a scrap for you
Need you?
Don't give a rap for you. dumb dog
Dumber than they come. dog
You're the most presuming dog
That a human could know
Hey. mister. that's my dog!
Oh. yeah? Where's his license?
Where's his leash?
He's no more your dog
than I am your father.
I left his license at home.
Please don't take him to the pound.
My father's blind.
This dog leads him to work.
If he doesn't work. we'll starve.
What's his name?
My father's name?
- The dog's name.
- Oh. the dog's name!
His name's Sandy.
That's it. Sandy.
Call him.
Call him?
Go over there and call him.
You mean by his name?
By his name. The dog's name.
Sandy! Come here. Sandy.
Sandy! Come here. Sandy!
Here. Rover. Come here. boy.
Rin Tin Tin! Come here.
Come to Daddy.
- Sandy. come here.
- Rin Tin Tin. come here.
Sandy!
Come here. Sandy. Come here. Sandy.
Come here.
Good old Sandy!
You've got yourself a dog.
Get him a collar and a leash.
Yes. sir.
Miss Hannigan! Miss Hannigan!
What?!
Annie!
Look what I found
under a paving stone.
Oh. Annie!
Annie. my little peach fuzz.
are you all right?
- I was worried sick.
- I knew you would be.
A big-hearted woman like you.
How can I ever thank you...
."enough?
I'm sure we can think of something
if we get our heads together.
Kissy. kissy. kissy.
Kill! Kill!
- We love you. Miss Hannigan.
- Sure.
Oh. my goodness! Oh. my goodness!
He smells.
- What's his name. Annie?
- Guess.
Fifi?
That ain't a name for this mutt.
So how about Champion
Champion. you're anything but
- We could call him Tiger
- But there's no bite in him
Tiger
Kittens would frighten him
Rover
When you think it over
Rover is the perfect name
For this dumb-looking dog
Rover!
Sandy. Sandy's his name
If you please
If you don't believe me
Ask any one of the fleas
Residing on Sandy
True he ain't pedigreed. Sandy
There ain't no better breed
And he really comes in handy
Especially when you're all alone
In the night
And you're small
And terribly frightened
It's Sandy
Sandy who'll always be
There
She's coming. She's coming.
Hide him.
I love you. Miss Hannigan.
And you will love the paddle closet.
Annie!
And this...
...will love the sausage factory.
- No. Miss--
- What?
We love you. Miss Hannigan.
Shut up.
Apples. a nickel. Apples here.
Yes. ma'am.
Here you go. Thank you.
God bless you.
Apples here.
Big. delicious apples here.
All right! All right!
Yeah?
Miss Hannigan. I'm Grace Farrell.
The New York Board of Orphans
sent me.
My goodness. won't you come in?
- Thank you.
- Right this way.
Well. welcome.
- Welcome to our happy home.
- Off my foot. Molly!
- Thank you.
- Ladies.
Smell that perfume.
- And your name was?
- Grace Farrell.
- She wants a girl to clean her house.
- Aptly named.
- I bet it's gonna be me!
- I'm here to inquire about an orphan.
Grace. I can explain the whole thing.
What happened was...
...the child bribed Mr. Bundles
to smuggle her out of here.
I should've called Mr. Donatelli.
but the truth is...
...I just saw red.
so I called the cops instead.
Anyway she's back. everything's fine.
All's well that ends well.
No harm. no foul.
my little scissors legs?
What are you talking about?
Are you peddling beauty products?
I don't need beauty products.
If that's what you're doing.
peddle yourself right out of here.
I am the private secretary
to Oliver Warbucks.
The Oliver Warbucks?
- Oliver Warbucks the millionaire?
- No. the billionaire.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
Mr. Warbucks would like to invite
an orphan to spend a week with him.
I'm here to select one.
That's just wonderful.
What kind of orphan did he
have in mind?
Well...
...friendly.
Intelligent.
M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I.
And I'1aPPY-
- How old?
- Well. age doesn't really matter.
Seven.
Eight. Nine.
Ten?
Yes. 10 is just fine.
I'm sorry. I almost forgot.
- Mr. Warbucks prefers red hair.
- A 10-year-old redhead?
Nope. Sorry. ain't got it.
What about this child?
- Annie?
- Yes.
You don't want Annie.
Why not?
She's...
She's a drunk.
Fiddle-faddle.
How'd you like to spend a week
with Mr. Warbucks at his house?
Oh. boy! I would love to.
I would really. really love to.
Wait! Slow down!
Hold on there!
You can have any orphan in the whole
orphanage except Annie.
Why?
She's got it coming to her.
and I don't mean a week of luxury.
- She's got to learn to know her place.
- Her place?
Annie is entirely too cheeky.
- Mr. Warbucks likes cheeky orphans.
- Tough!
I assume your resistance has to do with
Mr. Donatelli and the Board of Orphans.
Don't assume nothing. sweetheart.
Mr. Warbucks knows Mr. Donatelli.
- Is that a fact?
- Yes. it is.
It's also a fact that he said how many
people he had lined up for your job.
- Is that a fact?
- Yes.
It's awful to be out of work.
isn't it. Miss Hannigan?
Just terrible.
Leaping lizards!
-"Leaping lizards."
- The limousine is waiting.
- My dog.
- What?
Here. Sandy. Come here.
He's really nice. Really good.
He never jumps up on people.
He's a very sweet dog. but really.
I don't think Mr. Warbucks--
- Then I'm not coming.
- What?
She's going to send him to
the sausage factory.
- She said so herself.
- I'm not zoned for dogs.
- We'll take the dog.
- Oh. boy!
Bye. Annie!
I'll be back.
I'll bring everybody presents.
Bye. Molly. See you soon.
Bye. Pepper. Bye. Duffy.
Is this a train station?
Are we going on a train?
No. this is Mr. Warbucks' house.
Leaping lizards.
This is Punjab. He and the Asp
are Mr. Warbucks' bodyguards.
Come along. Let's get you settled.
Been to the zoo. Miss Farrell?
Not recently. Drake.
- Has the organ been tuned?
- Yes. miss.
- Pool heated?
- Yes.
- Tennis net up?
- French doors fixed?
- Yes.
- Elevator oiled?
- Typewriter repaired?
- Yes.
- Second Teletype installed?
- Are you allergic to dogs. Drake?
- No. filth.
- Is dinner under way. Mrs. Pugh?
- Yes. miss.
Preparing his favorite.
Texas grapefruit. Virginia ham...
...Idaho potatoes. Wisconsin cheese.
Washington apples and baked Alaska.
I have an announcement to make.
This is Annie. and she'll
be staying with us for a week.
This is her dog. Sandy.
He'll be staying with me.
May I take your sweater. miss?
- Will I get it back?
- Of course. miss!
What would you like to do first?
The windows. then the floors.
that way if I drip--
You don't understand. You don't
have to do any cleaning here.
I won't?
How am I gonna earn my keep?
You're our guest. Annie.
Cecilie will pick out all your clothes
Blue is her best color.
No. red. I think.
Your bath is drawn by Mrs. Greer
Soap. No. bubbles. I think.
Annette comes in to make your bed
The silk? No. the satin sheets. I think.
I think I'm gonna like it here
The swimming pool is down the stairs
Inside the house? Oh. boy!
The tennis court is in the rear
- I never even picked up a racket.
- What?
Have an instructor here at noon
And get that Don Budge fellow.
if he's available.
I think I'm gonna like it here
When you wake. ring for Drake
Drake will bring your tray
When you're through
Mrs. Pugh comes to take it away
- Annie!
- Come on. Annie! Come on!
No need to pick up any toys
That's okay. I haven't got any anyway.
No finger will you lift. my dear
We have but one request
Please put us to the test
I know I'm gonna like it here
Used to room in a tomb
Where I'd sit and freeze
Get me now. holy cow
Could someone pinch me. please?
Hold still. Hold still!
You mutt!
Hi. Annie!
Got something for you.
Here you are. Annie.
We've never had a little girl
I'm very. very. very glad to volunteer
I'm glad she's glad to volunteer
We hope you understand
Your wish is our command
- I know I'm gonna like it here
- We know you're gonna like it here
It's Mr. Warbucks. Don't worry now.
- Welcome home. sir.
- Did the painting arrive?
They're just uncrating it. sir.
I don't like it. Send it back.
Any messages?
President Roosevelt called three
times. He said it was urgent.
Everything's urgent to a Democrat.
What else?
Mr. Rockefeller. Mr. Vanderbilt.
Mr. DuPont. Mr. Carnegie.
Wait! There's something interesting
in that woman's smile.
I might learn to like her.
Hang her in my bathroom.
No time for dinner tonight. Send out
for an American cheese sandwich.
Come. let's get started.
What the devil's going on here?
This is the press representative.
Your image.
Oh. yes.
Pick him up. Punjab.
Get him another camera.
Why do I smell wet dog'?
Because we gave Sandy a bath.
What's this?
This is Annie. the orphan
who will be staying with us.
What are you talking about?
They wanted to take photos of you
sharing your home with an orphan.
Only for a week.
This doesn't look like a boy!
Orphans are boys.
You didn't say a boy. You
just said an orphan. so I got a girl.
I want a boy!
I've got an interesting
smile too. sir.
Couldn't you learn to like me. sir?
Hang me in the bathroom?
- Take them back now.
- Sir. she just got here.
That's okay. Miss Farrell.
We'll be okay.
It was nice meeting you anyhow.
I sure do like your place.
- Thank you. Annette.
- Annie. I've had a swell time.
The Asp drove us here in
a car the size of a train.
And Punjab put a spell on Sandy.
We made Drake sneeze.
And I played your pipe organ.
Sandy got a bubble bath.
I've had enough fun
to last me for years.
It's a really swell idea
to have an orphan for a week.
A really terrific idea.
Even if it is only for your image.
even if I'm not the orphan...
-...I'm glad you're doing it.
- I'm glad you approve.
Let's get to work!
Are you sure you need a boy?
Couldn't she stay?
Whatever. but just for the week.
- You know what?
- What?
- I love you.
- I know.
- Kiss me as only you can.
- You devil.
Get away!
Little girls. little girls
Everywhere I turn
I can see them
Little girls. little girls
Night and day
I eat. sleep and breathe them
I'm an ordinary woman
With feelings
I'd like a man to nibble on my ear
But I'll admit. no man has bit
So how come
I'm the mother of the year?
How I hate little shoes. little socks
And each little bloomer
I'd have cracked years ago
If it weren't for my sense of humor
Some women are dripping
With diamonds
Some women are dripping with pearls
Lucky me. lucky me
Look at what I'm dripping with
Little girls
Little cheeks. little teeth
Everything around me is
Little
If I wring little necks
Surely I would get an acquittal
Someday I'll step on their freckles
Some night I'll straighten their curls
Send a flood. send the flu
Anything that you can do
To little. little. little
Little. little. little
Little girls
Someday I'll /and in the nuthouse
With all the nuts and the squirrels
There I'll stay. tucked away
Till the prohibition of
Little
Girls
- Rooster!
- Sis.
You're supposed to be in jail.
- They let me out early.
- For good behavior.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
Lily St. Regis.
- Named from the hotel.
- Room service.
This afternoon. I put 10 on the nose
of a beautiful horse at 8-1.
Sure enough. the scum-bum
took off and whipped the pack.
No kidding?
The thing is. I got delayed
and I didn't have time to cash in.
Eighty bucks. sis. first thing
in the morning. guaranteed.
All I need is 5 to tide me over.
Not even a nickel for the subway.
Come on. sis.
I bet Miss Sticky-Fingers here
can loan you a lousy 5 bucks.
I beg your pardon. I'm sure.
But I don't stoop to what you're
incinerating.
Give me back my goods. toots.
Okay. Rooster.
If I loan you 5 bucks. will you
take this dumb hotel out of here?
I'm sorry. sis. Lily.
Not even a nickel for the subway.
You and her have the same mother?
Rooster!
Betcha he reads
Betcha she sews
Maybe she's made me
A closet of clothes
Maybe they're strict
As straight as a line
Don't really care
As long as they're mine
So maybe now this prayer's
The last one of its kind
Won't you please come get your baby?
Maybe
This room's bigger than Grant's tomb.
Me too.
Come on. Sandy. Come on!
In conclusion...
...because your country has raised its
voice loud and clear for democracy...
...I will extend to you a credit line...
...for 35 of my new fighter-bombers.
That will come with a year's supply
of spare parts and ammunition--
What's this?
Sandy's not used to sleeping
by himself. He gets lonesome.
Where were we?
-"Ammunition." sir.
- Are you getting a lot done?
I'd get a lot more done
if certain people...
If Franklin Delano Roosevelt
would leave me alone.
Six calls since I got home.
- What's he want?
- My support for the New Deal.
He is our president. sir.
Punjab!
Remove this animal and its young
mistress along with it.
Dear Richie. this letter will serve
as confirmation of correspondence...
...concerning the details
of your extended deferment.
--On or before September 1.
If you cannot meet that deadline.
you will be charged interest.
Six percent. Cordially. et cetera.
P.S. One of my companies
is developing bomb-proof glass.
This may be of interest to you
if the global situation deteriorates.
- What was that?
- Well done. Sandy.
- Was that man trying to kill you?
- That will be all.
Yes. sir. Come along. dear.
- Who'd want to kill Mr. Warbucks?
- The Bolsheviks.
He's proof that
the American system works...
...and Bolsheviks don't
want anyone to know.
The Bolsheviks? Leaping lizards!
Get your dog out of my pool!
He thought you were drowning.
He was trying to save your life.
- Go on. you mutt. Get out of here.
- Come on.
Like my suit?
What? Oh. yes.
Miss Farrell picked it out.
- Never thought I'd get used to a girl.
- Girls are easier to get used to.
Like Miss Farrell.
she does all the work around here.
- You don't know her first name.
- I do. It's Grace.
She thinks you're the greatest thing
since sliced bread.
I beg your pardon.
I know it's none of my business.
but you never notice anything.
Sliced bread.
Wilhelm. please offer your son my
congratulations on his engagement.
Hold on. Buy copper.
Tell the crown prince
that my yacht in Monte Carlo...
...is entirely at his disposal.
Hold on. More copper.
- Don't encourage her. Punjab.
- Maybe I should take her out.
- Where do you want to go?
- To meet President Roosevelt.
- How about a movie?
- Pepper went to a movie once.
She said it was swell.
and Miss Hannigan goes all the time.
- Take her to the Radio City Music Hall.
- Aren't you going to take me?
Me? Annie. you may think
that Miss Farrell does all the work...
...but I'm a very busy man.
I know. Didn't mean
to get in the way. Mr. Warbucks.
Nobody has to take me.
I'll go practice my backhand.
Pepper lies a lot. She probably
hasn't been to a movie either.
Actually. I think it's better when
you don't know what you're missing.
Punjab. buy out the 8:00 show.
Let's all go to the movies.
- You should leave your hair down.
- No. I couldn't.
Miss Hannigan says
a man don't look at your brains.
Oh. really? My goodness.
Come on. let's go to the movies.
Let's go see the stars.
Cowboy heroes
Cops and robbers
Glamour and strife
Bigger than life
Sitting in the darkness
What a world to see
Let's go to the movies. Annie
Wait and see
Bette Davis is probably lying
And Greta Garbo is probably crying
While Robert Taylor
Is locked in her dying embrace
Chico and Groucho and Chaplin
And Lloyd are all super
Sweet Mickey Mouse
Shirley Temple
And dear Jackie Cooper
Let's go to the movies
Let's go see the stars
Fred and Ginger
Spinning madly
Anything you can imagine
Songs and romance
Life is a dance
Sitting in the darkness
Popcorn on your knee
Give the maid the night off
Turn the kitchen light off.
Let's go to the movies. Annie
You and me
Welcome to the movies
Welcome to the stars
Welcome to this
Grand illusion
All of it's yours
Right through these doors
Every plot's a dilly
This we guarantee
Welcome to the movies
Wait and see
Let's go to the movies
Let's go see the stars
Headlines holler
Big depression
What do we care?
Movies are there
Only happy endings
Boy get's girl
That's our recipe
Welcome to our lovely
M-O- V-I-E
We love to go to RKO
Columbia. Universal
Jack Warner and Sam Goldwyn and
MGM and Zanuck
Here's to
Dreams of glory
Cast of thousands
Bigger than life
Only happy endings
That's our recipe
So welcome
To the movies
Wait
And
See
For the "lady of the camellias
- They're twice as large as usual.
- I'll have twice as many as usual
Twice as many?
I know what those things cost.
And when she orders her hats
and dresses from you?
They're an investment.
You won't be young forever.
It's time you settled your future.
I know the very man for you.
- Really?
- Yes. really.
- No one has ever loved you as I do.
- True. but what can I do about it?
You should go away
and not see me anymore.
Don't go in anger. Laugh at yourself
a little. as I laugh at myself.
Come and talk to me once in a while
in a friendly way.
That's too much and not enough.
Believe in love. Marguerite.
So you do love him.
Dare to tell me that you love him.
and you're free of me forever.
I love him.
Come in here. all of you.
See this woman? You know her.
Listen to what I'm going to say.
I accepted her favors.
I thought she loved me.
Let her make sacrifices
when others had more to give.
But bear witness. I owe her nothing.
Take it. Go on. take it.
Buy camellias. Buy diamonds
Buy carriages. Buy a grave.
You know how to treat a woman as she
deserves. Like the cheat this one is.
Marguerite.
Oh. it's you.
I've been down in the street
half the night...
walking under your window...
...wanting to come up.
but not daring to. I felt so guilty.
Don't think such things. Marguerite.
Even if we can't
go to the country today...
...think of how happy we were once
and how happy we'll be again.
Think of the day you found
the four-leaf clover.
Think of the vows that
we're going to make to each other.
This is for life. Marguerite.
Marguerite.
No. don't leave me.
Marguerite. come back.
Get her nightgown
behind the bathroom door.
Certainly.
- Miss Farrell.
- It's all right.
- How did you learn that?
- Learn what?
- That.
- What?
- You put her to bed.
- You put her to bed too.
- I did?
- Yes. you did.
Good heavens.
- That was a wonderful evening.
- I have to close a factory.
- About Annie.
- What about Annie?
Could we keep her?
You haven't seen that orphanage.
I can't bear to send her back there.
Get a hold of yourself.
What's come over you?
I'd take care of her.
You have plenty of room here.
- We could take her on as your ward.
- Absolutely not.
I love money. I love power.
I do not now.
nor ever will. love children.
Watching you with her last night.
I thought maybe...
Yes?
- I've just noticed something.
- Yes?
You're awfully pretty
when you argue with me.
- Thank you. sir.
- Oliver.
Do you just love money and power
and capitalism?
They'll never love you back.
- Your teeth are crooked.
- I'll have them fixed.
- I like them crooked.
- I'll leave them.
Thank you.
I could have the papers signed
this morning.
- It means a great deal to you.
- Yes. it means a great deal to me.
I'll do it myself.
I could just kiss you!
Grace. get her a little gift.
That's a good idea.
Something from Tiffany's. A locket.
Be careful at that orphanage.
That woman's got claws and fangs.
We got Annie.
- We've got Annie?
- Yeah.
She's like a shine on your shoes
Or hearing a blues
That's great
Makes you relax
Like a big tax rebate
We got Annie
And Benny Goodman's got swing
Bing is the king. by far
Mutt has got Jeff
And Eleanor. FDR
- We got Annie
We got Annie
Annie
It's a hard-knock life for us.
No one cares for you a smidge...
...when you're in an orphanage.
What are you doing?
Why aren't you marching in line
with the rest of them?
Duffy. come here. Come on.
You're hiding something
from Miss Hannigan behind your back.
- No.
- Let me have it.
Get inside!
I've seen his picture in the paper
with President Roosevelt.
- Hannigan. I presume?
- Yes.
I want to talk to you about Annie.
You want to return her and forget it.
or trade up?
I want to adopt her.
Would you excuse me for a moment?
- Would you care to step into my office?
- Thank you.
Hi. sweetie.
Little cutie.
This way.
- Welcome.
- Miss Hannigan--
Mr. Warbucks. for a Republican.
you are sinfully handsome.
Thank you.
I go absolutely weak in the knees
over men like you.
- My God. is that thing real?
- Just sign the papers.
Would you like to see the bedroom.
my billiard ball?
Sign.
- I make a very dry martini.
- Right here.
- I make a very wet soufflé.
- Just your name.
- Don't be so mean. you mean meanie.
- Come. my dear.
Let's you and me make
Why shouldn't we make hay?
- I have an appointment at 1.
- This way.
- You ever been to Buenos Aires
- Where?
- I hunger for the Argentine
- Argentine.
- Let's me and you fill up our diaries
- What? Stop!
- Buy me a ruby
- No!
Why shouldn't you be mine?
- Come close. madame
- I got your number. you like to rumba
- While we pry through this
- I'll call you Ollie. my hot tamale
- And now I gotcha. my cucaracha
- File from my private eye
- You spend evenings in the shanties
- You had me followed?
- Imbibing quarts of bathtub gin
- Bronchitis.
- You're dancing in your scanties
- Great gams.
- With some old geezer. Little Caesar
- He's an uncle.
- You lock the orphans in the closet
- They love it.
- You hock their Christmas souvenirs
- Drink?
- You steal funds you should deposit
- It's fresh.
You make them grove!
While you buy lavalieres
- You'll
- Must you upset me
- Sit out this century
- Why don't you pet me?
It's you I crave now
Let's misbehave now
- In some deep. dark
- You wanna smoochie. my little poochie
Penitentiary
- Jail?
- Sign!
- I guess I'll never know the feeling
- You'll rot in jail
Of running fingers through your hair
In Sing Sing
I guess this means no Buenos Aires
- Will you sign?
- Well. I don't need you
- That's fine
- So just forget me
- The dotted line
- Forget my sweetness
- Don't whine. you can't decline
- Forget you met me
- Today is sorta-
- Just' sign
My bread and Waterloo
Sign
Why didn't you say so
in the first place. swine?
Women! Does it take this long
to get to Tiffany's and back?
- I hear the car.
- It's probably not the right car.
- It's the Duesenberg.
- What took you so long?
What's happening here?
- Where's Annie?
- She's taking her karate lesson.
- Don't be nervous.
- I'm not. You give it to her.
- It was your idea.
- She likes you more than me.
Oliver. will you pull
yourself together!
Want to see what the Asp
taught me today?
To the couch. Punjab. if you please.
- I didn't think it would work.
- Now you know it does.
- Shall I call a doctor?
- It'll be fine.
Thank you.
We'll leave you two alone.
I want to talk to you
about something very serious.
- You don't want me anymore.
- On the contrary. I do.
Good Lord!
- Can we have a man-to-man talk?
- Sure.
What I'm proposing
would involve a long-term agreement.
Actually...
...maybe you ought to know more about
me before you make up your mind.
- Okay.
- Let's go for a walk.
I was born in Liverpool.
My brother died of pneumonia because
we didn't have money for medicine.
I decided then and there
that one day I would be very rich.
- Good idea.
- America was the land of opportunity.
I signed on a ship as cabin boy
when I was 12.
By the time I was 21.
I'd made my first million.
In the next 10 years.
I turned that into 100 million.
In those days that was a lot
of money. I was ruthless.
Making money was all I ever
gave a damn about. up to now.
- Let's go inside.
- Okay.
It has occurred to me that no matter
how many houses I have...
...how many Rembrandts...
...unless I have someone to share it
with. I might as well be broke.
- Understand what I'm trying to say?
- Sure.
Kind of.
- Kind of?
- I guess not.
Damn! Oh. excuse me.
- You've given me so much already.
- I have the papers. It's official.
What is?
It's so pretty but--
- Let me put it on you.
- No.
It's a swell locket. but if it's
all the same. I'll keep my old one.
It isn't all the same. Your old one's
broken. This one is engraved.
"To Annie.
With love from Daddy Warbucks."
When my folks left me
at the orphanage 10 years ago...
...they left a note saying
they'd come back to get me.
They kept the other half of this locket
so I'd know them when they came.
I'm going to find them someday and
have a regular mother and father...
...like a regular kid. I am.
I don't mean to hurt your feelings.
You've been nicer to me than anyone.
But I've been dreaming of my folks
for as long as I can remember.
I've just got to find them.
And I'll help you.
Grace. get me J. Edgar on the phone!
Drake. get me the chief of police!
Asp. get me Walter Winchell!
Punjab...
...get me William Randolph Hearst!
And. Saunders. get me a drink!
Six. seven. eight. you're on.
I-O-D-E-N-T
Iodent
Hey. hobo man
Hey. dapper Dan
You both got your style
But. brother
You're never fully dressed
Without a smile
Your clothes may be Beau Brummelly
They stand out a mile
But. brother
You're never fully dressed
Without a smile
The lovely Boylan Sisters.
Who cares what they're wearing
On Main Street or Savile Row
It's what you wear from ear to ear
And not from head to toe
That matters
Tonight as a special treat
from yours truly. Bert Healy...
...I'd like to introduce
a little orphan named Annie.
Who's that who just walked into
our Red Network studios?
It's none other than the Wall Street
tycoon. Oliver Warbucks!
"Thank you. Bert Healy.
It's swell--" Do I say swell?
"Swell to be on the lodenz' Hour."
I understand you're conducting
a search for Annie's parents.
I told you that before we
went on the air. Oh. yes!
"I am now conducting a coast-to-coast.
nationwide search...
...for Annie's parents. Drop page.
Warbucks continues.
I am offering a cash reward to
Annie's parents of $50.000 cash. "
Oh. Mr. Warbucks!
Oh. boy! 50.000 smackers.
Annie's parents. if you're listening.
contact Oliver Warbucks--
"Warbucks interrupts.
At my house. 987 Fifth Avenue.
New York City.
Thank you. Bert Healy.
and thank you. all-new Iodent.
The toothpaste with miracle K-64
to fight hali--"
- Halitosis.
-"And for letting me talk to you.
Good night. Bert Healy.
for the Red Network. Drop page."
Did I just do a commercial?
Let's get out of here.
I've never endorsed a product
in all of my career.
For all of you. our smiles family.
this is Bert Healy saying...
Hey. hobo man
Hey. dapper Dan
You both got your style
But. brother
You're never fully dressed
Without a smile
Your clothes may be Beau Brummelly
They stand out a mile
But. brother
You're never fully dressed
Without a smile
Who cares what they're wearing
On Main Street or Savile Row
It's what you wear from ear to ear
And not from head to toe
That matters
The lovely Boylan Sisters.
I-O-D-E-N-T
So. senator
So. janitor
So long for a while
Remember you're never fully dressed
Without a smile
You're never fully dressed
Who cares what they're wearing
On Main Street or Savile Row
It's what you wear from ear to ear
And not from head to toe
That matters
So. senator
So. janitor
So long for a while
Remember you're never fully dressed
Though you may wear the best
You're never fully dressed
Without a smile
Without a--
Do I hear happiness in here?
They never miss.
Everybody's
going to get their chance.
Annie. it's your mother.
We've got to get her out of here.
We can't expose her to this.
Get the autocopter ready.
Guess what. Mr. Warbucks is going
to take you to see the president.
Oh. boy!
Marvelous!
Aren't Republicans ostentatious?
Franklin. behave.
It's astonishing he's here at all.
- What do you call this. Oliver?
- An autocopter.
You don't need an airport.
They say it can land on a dime.
- Whatever that may be.
- You being here means a great deal.
It means nothing. It means only
that Annie wanted to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. Mr. President.
- It's my pleasure. Annie.
Thank you for bringing the old goat.
Make a New Dealer of him yet.
- Inconceivable.
- Don't mind him. Oliver.
Come along. Annie.
My Uncle Theodore used to teach
his children to walk on stilts.
I can't teach you that. I can teach you
to roll in a chair with wheels.
My own private roller coaster.
The New Deal is badly planned.
badly organized and administered.
You don't think your
programs through.
Think what you're going to do
to the economy!
- People don't eat in the long run.
- People can't feed their children.
The lucky ones are left in orphanages.
The older ones steal. starve.
This business
of this country is business--
Take them off the dole and put
them to work. That's what I'll do.
In the National Parks. clearing trails.
fighting fires. planting trees.
- Hold it.
- I want to feed them and house them...
...and pay them.
Enough to send home
to their parents...
...so they can hold their heads up
and be proud to be Americans.
- That's a swell idea.
- It isn't a swell idea. Annie...
...it's mistaken foolishness.
Big-hearted and empty-headed.
Which parks? Which children?
What will it cost?
Who's going to organize it?
Who's going to run it?
- I was hoping you would.
- Me?
- And Annie.
- Leaping lizards!
- Out of the question.
- How can I help?
Wait a minute!
- You can help recruit young people.
- Hold everything!
They think their government
doesn't care whether they live or die.
With your help.
we could convince them otherwise-
I want to say something.
There's a song I used to sing
in the orphanage when I was sad.
- It always cheered me up.
- Eleanor!
Just thinking about tomorrow
Clears away the cobwebs
And the sorrow
Till there's none
When I'm stuck with a day
That's gray and lonely
I just stick out my chin
And grin and say
The sun 'll come out tomorrow
So you gotta hang on till tomorrow
Come what may
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day away
Oh. Franklin.
You'll help us too. won't you. Oliver?
Think of the children.
Think of Annie.
The sun 'll come out tomorrow
Sing. Oliver. that's an order
from your commander in chief.
There 'll be sun
- Eleanor?
- I can't sing.
Sing.
Clears away the cobwebs
And the sorrow
Till there's none
Solo for the president.
When I'm stuck with a day
That's gray and lonely
I just stick out my chin
And grin and say
Everybody! Republicans too. Oliver.
Sing!
The sun 'll come out tomorrow
So you've got to hang on till tomorrow
Come what may
Harmony!
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day away
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day
A Way
All right. everybody. step up.
I've got fresh fish here.
- Do you run this establishment?
- Unfortunately.
Ten years ago. we left our
little baby girl on the front steps.
There was a job managing a hotel.
but only if we had no children.
- Wrap it up.
- We never meant to leave Annie.
Now we have a hardware store in
New Jersey. We can take care of her.
We've always loved her.
- You're Annie's parents?
- We live over the store.
- There's a yard out back.
- With chickens.
And a rooster.
Rooster?
My God! I never would
have recognized you.
If we can fool you.
we can fool "Big Bucks."
- Fifty thousand smackers.
- You'll be the death of me.
Sis. this is going to be
the best bunco job ever.
- We need details.
- About Annie. Specifics.
- What's in it for me'?
- A three-way split of the $50.000.
- I want half.
- All right. half!
- Rooster!
- All right!
Twenty-five grand for me and Lil.
25 grand for you.
Why don't we wait
and see what she's got.
See if it's worth 25 grand.
You want details? I've got details.
I've got specifics on every kid
in this dump.
It's just finding the right box.
Annie wears a locket around her neck.
It's a broken locket.
She says her parents saved the other
half to come and claim her with.
Years ago.
her parents were killed in a fire.
The cops brought me all their junk.
Well. my darling baby brother...
...if Annie's parents can claim her
with that locket. so can we.
- Fifty thousand smackers.
- The kid we'll drop in the river.
They're going to do
something bad to Annie!
- Have you cleaned the can?
- Listen to me. I mean it.
Clean the can!
- Duffy. Tessie. somebody!
- Do you want a knuckle sandwich?
- We've got to warn Annie!
- Scrub!
It's in a sealed envelope.
It ain't fair how we scrounge
For three or four bucks
While she gets Warbucks
The little brat. Look in those!
It ain't fair
This here life is driving me nuts
Make yourself useful!
When we get peanuts
She's living fat
Maybe she holds the key
- That little lady
- To getting more bucks
- Right. instead of less.
- It'll have her name on it.
Maybe we fix it again
With something shady
Where does that put us?
Give you one guess
Open it.
Hurry.
Easy Street
- Annie is the key
- Yes. sirree
- Easy Street
- We'll live the plush life
- The lazy. lush life
Better get there
The gravy's flowing there
We'll soon be going there
Where you sleep till noon
Yeah. yeah. yeah
- Move them feet
- Move them ever-loving feet
- To Easy Street
- Where living's sweet
That's where we're gonna be
Easy Street
Move them feet to Easy Street
That's where we're gonna
Hit it. sis.
Stay
Easy Street
Now do the other one.
Duffy. Tessie. somebody! They're
going to do something to Annie!
- Who is?
- They are!
- Who's they?
- Miss Hannigan.
Oh. my goodness!
Beautiful.
- Where do you think you're going?
- Run. run. go tell Annie!
Stop them.
Get in that closet.
Stop it!
Whose rotten idea was this?
Are they here?
A man who counts his chickens before
they hatch gets a scrambled egg.
What?
- Have my parents come for me?
- We haven't found them.
I interviewed 865 couples.
None of them knew about the locket.
I never realized how many dishonest
people there are in New York.
They're dead. I guess I've known
that deep down for a long time.
I'm not giving up. so don't you.
I didn't want to be just another
orphan. I wanted to be special.
You are special.
Never stop believing that.
We're trapped.
Oh. my goodness. Oh. my goodness.
- We'll never get out of here.
- I've got an idea.
Great idea.
- It's heavy.
- Don't drop it.
- All right.
- Now what do you want to do?
She'll be so mad if she catches us.
I'm not so sure I want to do this.
We'll be in so much trouble.
- Duffy. hand me something.
- Here.
- There's space up here.
- Be careful.
Oh. my goodness. Oh. my goodness.
Help me get UP-
Give me your hand.
It's a long way down.
Are you sure you want to do this?
- Wish me luck.
- Good luck.
We were starving. We needed the job
That's why we left our little girl.
- Wrapped in a newspaper.
- On the steps of the orphanage.
What's this?
This is Ralph and Shirley Mudge
from Hoboken. New Jersey.
Annie!
Ralph. look!
She still has the locket.
We finally found you.
You heard about the reward
on the radio.
- Reward?
- We don't have a radio.
- In the paper.
- Paper?
- What paper?
- How did you know Annie was here?
- The lady at the orphanage told us.
- I have her birth certificate here.
I've kept it close to my heart
all of these years.
"Ann Marie Mudge.
October 18. 1922."
I'll go pack.
Do you want me to help. baby?
No. thanks...
...Mom.
Come on.
A certified check!
We're so glad to have found Annie.
We don't need this.
- I'll take it back.
- Of course. we are poor people.
It would help us a lot.
We could buy her milk.
a warm blanket.
Put it in your pocket. Mrs. Mudge.
Come on. you guys.
- Oh. my goodness!
- We're never going to make it.
- We've found Fifth Avenue.
- Number one. Fifth Avenue.
We've got to go to 987.
- Molly. get on my back.
- Come on. you guys. help.
- Will the stores take this back?
- All your new clothes?
I guess so.
Don't you want to keep them?
My folks are poor. All these clothes
are going to make them feel bad.
- Take them to the orphanage.
- Certainly.
This will look so cute on Molly.
This will look good on Duffy.
Betcha my life
Is gonna be swell
Looking at them
It's easy to tell
And maybe I'll forget
How nice he was to me
And how I was almost his baby
It'll be fine
Nothing to fear
She'll be as happy
As she was here
Things have worked out
Much better than planned
It makes you smile
When fate takes a hand
And I know I'll forget
How much she meant to me
And how she was almost my baby
Maybe
- Did you get it?
- She has it.
Let me see it.
- I'd better keep it.
- Over my dead body.
That's the brightest thing I've
ever heard you say.
Ladies! Ladies!
- Help. Mr. Warbucks! Help!
- Get on the road!
We'll never find the house.
I wish I'd been outside New York City.
When I get my half!
- I say we go back.
- We can't.
We've been walking for 100 years!
- We're never going to get there.
- But we have to.
- Let's take a vote.
- All in favor of calling it quits?
- I'll get a gold lamé number.
- In Atlantic City.
We aren't stopping
till we hit Atlantic City.
- Help. Mr. Warbucks!
- Shut up. kid.
Look. there's Sandy!
Come here! Come here!
Come on. let's go!
- Hurry up_
- Hurry! Hurry!
I can't run anymore.
Quiet down. girls.
You want to see Mr. Warbucks?
All right. come on.
Oh. my goodness!
- What now?
- Sir.
- I think he's a highness.
- Your Highness.
- We're friends of Annie's.
- Annie's gone.
- Her parents took her away.
- But they wasn't her parents.
- They was bad people.
- Leaping lizards!
You take the autocopter.
I'll take the car.
J. Edgar? Warbucks here.
Orphan Annie has been kidnapped.
I want every G-man on this
in the next 20 minutes.
Where's the fire. fellas?
The truck is on Canal Street.
heading east.
East on Canal.
Well done. Punjab. Don't lose them.
Can we stop? I've got to go.
I've really got to. Miss Hannigan.
I mean it. When you've got to go.
you've got to go.
Make it fast.
Rooster. grab her!
She's got the check!
- Cut her off at the bridge.
- Goddamn it!
Come back here. you goddamn kid!
Mr. Warbucks will eat your livers.
- I'll kill you.
- He's really going to kill her.
Rooster! Rooster. stop!
Rooster. she's a baby.
Come back here.
Rooster!
- I'm gonna kill her!
- No. I'm not gonna let you!
She may be a mean.
rotten. little orphan...
-...but I'm not going to let you kill her.
- Let go of me. you boozer!
Stop it!
- They're at the bridge.
- Turn right.
I know.
Help. somebody! Help! Help!
Help. somebody!
Leave me alone. Please help!
Please help!
Let's go. get the ladders in there!
Somebody help me!
Come on. over here!
Hurry it up there!
Bring it up this way!
Help!
Have we got two nets?
Hurry up! You're too slow! Let's go!
Please. Punjab. help me.
Help me. Punjab! Help!
Punjab. help.
- You must hold on.
- I can't.
Buddha says a child without courage
is like a night without stars. Come.
Back it in here.
Rooster. you reprobate.
Okay. let's clear the area over here!
Together at last
Together forever
We're tying a knot
They never can sever
I don't need sunshine now
To turn my skies to blue
I don't need anything but you
You've wrapped me around
That cute little finger
You've made life a song
You've made me the singer
And what's that bathtub tune
You always
Yesterday was plain awful
You can say that again
- But that's
- Not now
That's then
I'm poor as a mouse
I'm richer than Midas
- Oliver. marvelous!
- But nothing on earth
Could ever divide us
And if tomorrow I'm an apple seller too
I don't need anything
Anything. anything
I don't need anything but
She's like the fizz in a Coke
A buck when you're broke
And more
When woes and worries take hold
Who gives them the old trap door
I do not mind repeating
We got Annie
That 4th of July kid!
I wish she were my kid
We got Annie
And she's got it all
Annie!
"To Annie. With love."
I love you. Daddy Warbucks.
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day away
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day
A Way
The sun 'll come out tomorrow
Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow
There 'll be sun
Just thinking about tomorrow
Clears away the cobwebs
And the sorrow
Till there's none
When I'm stuck with a day
That's gray and lonely
I just stick out my chin
And grin and say
Oh. the sun 'II come out tomorrow
So you gotta hang on till tomorrow
Come what may
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day away
Tomorrow. tomorrow
I love ya. tomorrow
You're only a day
Away
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-